BLAIR WARNERblairthedesigner.comblairthedesigner@gmail.com425.524.7910I am a User Experience Designer who puts people first. With a background in graphic design and years of teaching experience, I am no stranger to problem solving. I love to make meaningful experiences and hopefully can make the world a better and happier place. I also enjoy drawing, practicing Japanese, and I have an unhealthy addiction to denim.EXPERIENCEFREELANCE USER EXPERIENCE DESIGNEROrbSense, Technologies LLC - Seattle. WA  8.2016 - 9.2016Worked with stakeholders on a three week sprint for the development of a mobile application. Conducted research and interviewed potential users. Worked with a design team to create two iterations of the prototype app and conducted usability testing on each version
USER EXPERIENCE DESIGN IMMERSIVEGeneral Assembly - Seattle. WA  6.2016 - 6.2016Worked 70+ hours/week in six design sprints in an Agile development environment. Interacted closely with web developers, android developers, and clients.ENGLISH TEACHERIbaraki, Saitama and Tokyo, Japan  4.2006 - 3.2008 / 4.2011 - 3.2016Worked in a total of 22 different elementary and junior high schools in the Greater Tokyo area. Collaborated with teachers to make lessons and activities tailored to different grade and skill levels. Acted as a cultural ambassador for my students. Participated in school functions and after school activities.GRAPHIC DESIGNER / LETTERPRESS PRINTERBell’Invito Letterpress Studio - Dallas, TX  2.2009 - 8.2009Worked with clients, marketers, designers and printers to develop custom, couture letterpress stationery. Was also responsible for the creation of web graphics for the company website, and file preparation for die creation. Operaton of 19th-century letterpresses for printing and die-cutting, as well as assembly of stationery.ASSISTANT GRAPHIC DESIGNERStandard Deluxe, Inc. - Waverly, AL  5.2005 - 2.2006Worked with clients, designers and printers to create designs for silkscreen printing. Worked with web developers to created web graphics and inputted data for the company website and web store.EDUCATIONUX Design ImmersiveGeneral Assembly - Seattle, Washington  2016Bachelor of Fine Arts in Graphic DesignAuburn University - Auburn, Alabama  2000 - 2005

SKILLSAffinity Diagram, Comparative Analysis, Competitive Analysis, Concept Map, Heuristic Evaluation, Navigation, Personas, Prototype, Site Map, Sketch, Storyboard, Task Analysis, User Flow, User Journey, User Scenario, User Stories, Wire frameTOOLSAxure, Balsalmiq, Illustrator, InDesign, Invision, Office, Omnigraffle, Photoshop, Sketch, POP